Hi.
We didn't this lecture re going to add our Neal we controllers so that we can really see the effects
of signing in and signing up the users.
And so that we can move on to create our Foursquare clone.
So let's go to our main story Bart because we need the wheel controller.
So let's open our library and search for a real controller.
OK.
We're going to bring in one were you controller.
Every going to use this we have controller as at places we have controller in which we display the places
that has been saved to the server in the table view.
So this is going to be a very basic weave controller in which we will only have one table view after
this.
We have controller we're going to have multiple more view controllers as well because we need some other
wi controllers to choose the image choose the location choose the type and the name of the places that
we are going to save every going to say great from here to other view controllers later on.
So first thing that comes to my mind is to have a navigation controller over here so that we can navigate
between this and the other we have controllers.
OK.
So choose this we have controller over here and go to your menu to Ed and come into this embed and then
say navigation controller.
So you have seen this before.
This brings in and navigation bar.
And when we do a Segway from here to another view controllers they have automatic back buttons in the
left hand side.
So let's do the Segway from here to navigation controller.
And once we do that as you can see it's kinds of these starts here because it does the Segway as a pop
over Segway and we don't need that that's right.
And we don't need any navigation controller in the sign in.
We have controller as well.
So we're going to have to change the type of the Segway in order to overcome this problem.
So click or we're here and rather than push I'm going to present Model T and to remember if we change
this presentation to full screen then we're going to solve this problem.
So here you go.
Now I am ready to come over here to this Segway and give some identifier so I'm going to call these
two places we see because I'm going to name my new controller as places where you controller.
OK.
And here you go.
Let's bring in some we we're using here.
So open the library and search for table view and that's all we're going to need in this.
We have controller anyway.
So let me give some constraints and we're going to do 0 0 0 because we want to stretch out this table
all the way to the edges so that it will fill up all the screen.
So that's good.
Let's come over here and create a new file so that we can have our cocoa touch class and bind it to
our new controller.
So this is not going to be a table we'll sell.
This is going to be something UI we you.
Yep UI we have a controller.
And here I'm going to call this places we see and hear next to places under my Foursquare clone project
folder.
So here you go.
If you come over here to means sorry Bert you can connect your weave controller from identity inspector
to your places we Coco touch class so that we can define all the views using our assistant editor.
And let me bring in my table view from here and call this table view.
Yep.
Now we're ready actually because that's all we need.
And in the places we have controller I want to have a navigation Biden as well because I need a button
to add to new places as you have seen in the initial lecture of the section where I have introduced
the Foursquare clone.
That's where you're going to build.
Remember we had the one button on the right hand side just a plus button allowing us to add a new place.
So remember how we do that.
We can't call the navigation controller Dot's navigation bar Dot's top item.
And this gives us the type of item of the navigation bar.
If you say right.
Bar button item.
That's all we need to add a new bottom.
So we want a button and we want it on the right hand side of the top navigation bar.
So this is going to be a UI bar button item and I'm going to go for this system item and Target and
action as usual.
So let me close this down and for system item.
I'm going to go for at again.
And Target will be self of course and selector.
We don't have it.
So let me just say so like her and we're going to have to create that selector function.
So this is going to be an object to see function add new place or add button clicked.
OK.
So now I can come over here and say Add button clicked and this will be displayed in my navigation bar.
So this is where I will.
USA way to my ads places where you controller.
So let me run this actually do we have to do anything else to test this.
No I don't think so because we have our Segway right.
Yep.
We we have to actually because in sign in and sign up clicked.
You're not doing it and say Gray right now.
So I'm going to say perform Segway.
So perform Segway.
And the identifier will be two places we see.
And the sender will be nil.
And we have to copy and paste this to sign up clicked as well so that we can take people to the places
we have controller when they sign up.
So we get some kind of error Yeah we have to say self-taught perform Segway and we have to say soft
power from Segway from here.
So let me run this and test to see if we can take the users in by signing them in or signing them up
and let's see if we can't see the ad button as well.
So let's go for James.
One two three four five six.
Here you go.
When I click sign in now I'm in the places where you controller.
That's nice.
Now I have my ADD button as well.
Once I click it and nothing happens because I haven't read to my function yet.
And one problem that we have right now wi fi open this from scratch.
It will ask me for a user name and password one more time.
And this is not good because nobody will use my app.
If I ask user name and password every time they open the app.
So I have to find a function to remember if the user is logged in or not.
So if the user is logged in I'm going to take them to the places we see if they are not.
I'm going to take them to this signing receipt.
So that's what we're going to do in the next lecture.